# Explorer: Retos 2 y 3 de la UAZ

Este repositorio contiene los retos 2 y 3 de la UAZ.


## Instructions for Challenge 2 (Django platform)
--------------

[Built with Cookiecutter Django](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter-django/)

### Settings
Moved to settings_.

.. _settings: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/settings.html

### Basic Commands
#### Setting Up Your Users

* To create a **normal user account**, just go to Sign Up and fill out the form. Once you submit it, you'll see a "Verify Your E-mail Address" page. Go to your console to see a simulated email verification message. Copy the link into your browser. Now the user's email should be verified and ready to go.

* To create an **superuser account**, use this command::

    $ python manage.py createsuperuser

For convenience, you can keep your normal user logged in on Chrome and your superuser logged in on Firefox (or similar), so that you can see how the site behaves for both kinds of users.


### Deployment

The following details how to deploy this application.

#### Heroku

See detailed `cookiecutter-django Heroku documentation`_.

.. _`cookiecutter-django Heroku documentation`: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment-on-heroku.html


Also, be aware to configure the environment variables (check file explorer/.envs.sample for examples)



### For enabling registration

Currently if someone goes to the URL /accounts/signup/ and completes the form it will throw a 500 error because some setup is missing. To enable registration, please follow these steps:

- Adquire an SMTP Email servide like [Sendgrid](https://sendgrid.com/), and add the initial setup configuration inside the config/production.py
- Add this li item in base.html next to the "sign in"
```
<li class="nav-item">
  <a id="sign-up-link" class="nav-link" href="{% url 'account_signup' %}">{% translate "Sign Up" %}</a>
</li>
```




## Instructions for Challenge 3 (Javascript module)


### Logs
logs
*.log
npm-debug.log*
yarn-debug.log*
yarn-error.log*

### Runtime data
pids
*.pid
*.seed
*.pid.lock

### Directory for instrumented libs generated by jscoverage/JSCover
lib-cov

### Coverage directory used by tools like istanbul
coverage

### nyc test coverage
.nyc_output

### Grunt intermediate storage (http://gruntjs.com/creating-plugins#storing-task-files)
.grunt

### Bower dependency directory (https://bower.io/)
bower_components

### node-waf configuration
.lock-wscript

### Compiled binary addons (http://nodejs.org/api/addons.html)
build/Release

### Dependency directories
node_modules/
jspm_packages/

### Typescript v1 declaration files
typings/

### Optional npm cache directory
.npm

### Optional eslint cache
.eslintcache

### Optional REPL history
.node_repl_history

### Output of 'npm pack'
*.tgz

### Yarn Integrity file
.yarn-integrity

### dotenv environment variables file
.env


## License

MIT
